{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 add avoid tollways\
avoid highways\
\
splashscreen\
\
Book My Cab application has two parts Riders app and Drivers App. \
Riders app : Will ask for registration information or sign in information. Based on users choice next screen will consist of entering users information onto the screen - by either typing it or asking user to login via Facebook or Google Plus. Once successful with login/registration process your current location will be detected and will be plotted on the maps fragment as your Pick Up Location - you can drag the marker to point it to your actual pick up location. Then mark the Drop Off Location on the map and the path will be highlighted from Pick Up to Drop Off Location. You also have an option to manually enter the Pick Up/ Drop Off location in text format. Once both the locations are set you have an option to  estimate the fare. After setting both the locations you can request a cab - it will show you the nearest location cab with estimated arrival time. \
Drivers App: Will have same login/registration form along with Vehicle Number/ License Number additionally on the user input fields. Once you are ready you will have an option to go online. After you go online your cabs location will be sent to the database and stored there. Whenever a rider requests a cab you will get a notification if you are ready to pick the rider - if yes then go ahead and select yes and your location will be constantly sent to the rider till you pick him up. Once the riders boards your car start the ride by clicking \'93Start Ride\'94 then your riding time/miles/wait time will be recorded and rider will be charged accordingly.}